How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    It helped me identify the differences between the two versions, and therefore
    allowing me to eliminate efforts spent on manually searching through the file
    for potential errors. And so using diff to view the files makes it easier to
    deal with bugs.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    Easy access to history of files helps me becoming a more efficient programmer
    by having different versions of a same file available to me, thus allowing me
    refer back to a different version when I encountered a bug, which makes it
    easier to identify potential source of errors.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    Pros of manually choosing to save is it offers flexibility on your version
    control process, so that you can personalize the significance of a commit to
    your liking. A potential cons of manually saving is that you might forget to
    save a change and might end up losing your progress. Pros of automatic saving
    is that you are assured versions of your file are secured, however, the versions
    automatically saved might not be as helpful as you might like them to be.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    Because version control systems like git deals with computer programs, which
    oftentimes contains several different files altogether to function. Therefore
    it would be helpful to save multiple files in one commit as it allows you to
    view the changes in different file for each version, which are all interrelated.
    Meanwhile, others like google docs treat files separately, as they are oftentimes,
    documents that exist separately.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    Git log can be used to view the different versions of a file committed, Meanwhile
    git diff allows me to compare different commits and see the changes made on
    the files.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    Version control makes me more confident to make changes because I am assured
    that I would have an older version of my file that I can refer back to if
    anything goes wrong.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    Familiarizing myself with dealing with different versions of a file.
